hello family bow now i'm in fashion
I know that those who did not have time to buy it
seeds in March in April in May were very
puzzled them where did he get it
features of growing family onions
what are these questions being asked of the day
flew Petrovna Shapovalova and Walter
Petrovna
how are you family i am
I never planted him at this dacha
because she met the village
women they have this family letters
growing well that's tiny less than
bullseye chinese think why not
mess around and or never spend it
not planted but that's only sevak in this
the year the woman is the neighbor well I have
please take a good grade but
inconvenient to refuse here took planted
Well, I know that he is so problematic why
I have problems why I do not like problems
I rest here soul and I gave my mouth with
problems work fight and which immediately
problems appeared as soon as
ascended 10 centimeters was a feather 15
the composition has turned yellow here and Nikki dry
depends well my magazines here is a pack
beginnings and what do i sleep logs and by the way
you know that somewhere an article without
I saw a woman wrote what she treats
found this article a woman writes take
Vietnamese balsam this one drives
rub a star an asterisk soak
her bucket on the eve of the warm water will stand
day and so far I'm still waiting in each
bukovku Dita on 30 grams I still
stirred whether la la la whether i
I think anyway I throw it away
I will try to do now what is reading a
here came with cats poured through
a few days a new feather has grown
I will not be well at least
That separately yes but this bow go to
well its greenhouse plant spring
greens here we are to arrive at the
faster green yes let me cure him
next year for the greens but why
such problems when you can easily
live in he is a beautiful bow three lengths
good Galina Petrovna what do you have
completely without problems wife pepper I
this year houses
wanting the throne so why did you rate
peppers in a separate greenhouse you
they used to grow with tomatoes before
grown all in one greenhouse
eggplant tomatoes peppers cucumbers all winter
there is nothing I bury magazines from
I sit reading and reading a woman writes that you
think what she came to the conclusion that
Persians need to separate those they can not stand
no neighbors and I think my everything is me
on yields somehow up on
yield
they are tied up very late at the end
August, no longer has time to mature
They are Aegina Rivermen they need separately and
what the experiment showed showed
a friend arrived in autumn
I brought my own peppers to visit us.
it grows and what not to say
seeds do not buy want peppers soot
my yuppie we ate peppers were of course
very tasty awesome
I took all the seeds and planted it
asked my husband to say please do
I have a hot house that's such a greenhouse, he does not
I did so I landed yesterday I have one
pepper forces I struck up a yes and
already such decent isn't it very
Much but looking for notes probably all gardeners
know that you need to clean everything on the leg
you need everything before the fork removes you see
developed the point went something gondor to fork
there must be a bare leg here you see yes
developed points here went a fork over here
went twig here twig here in general
he began to set off in different directions and to
it is necessary to remove everything on the leg
completely to bare leg was
and all the leaves and bunches are all
need to pull out so that the leg was naked
because the main harvest all goes here
on these extras you see all
all in buds and it will clean you
force
you are not on
yes that's all you need to clean up that is
theory was confirmed Olga Petrovna
confirmed that they go platbands one
riverman they do not stand any neighbors
leave will not shoot green you
will leave me orange and
red and yellow so i want them
What I brought I want to achieve such
to peak everything is planted by science all
laid in the ground as it should all and here on
voice and fertilizer which is necessary for peppers
everything and I want of course such a saying
take off not much hunting i really love peppers
pepper cleans the blood
Pro subway wear you pumpkin not here
one
this is zucchini this is zucchini such yes they
what is your very etazhku some
ford huge world mega to goddess
normal it is in masha mashenka i am her
I really like this call
weapons of us and logically yes I understood him
itself is very very very boric
acid i spoon on the bucket but but only
this spoon needs to be dissolved in hot
water because if you put right in
bucket of water nodding room temperature
then it will not dissolve will be on top
such swim with lumps they are and
fall on a piece of paper then they will eat this one
spoon in hot water dissolve
pour a bucket of 10 liters of water pour out
it means soluble already violently sour
here not then take pollinator pour and
child of the field and kia
sprinkle tomatoes necessarily
process twice to selective
no buying ovary tomatoes
then there is little else needed
remains the same trace elements boric
Soda manganese tea need
necessarily at least once in meta
water the plant with these moments
teahouse is desperately court for watering for
the bucket glasses are bred and
water the tomatoes so the tomatoes blush
on the bush and declared green then tomatoes
I do not want to shoot I want to at least
pink and green they are not yet
blush they take all the power and in them
no longer yes everything is no no such
aroma need to her
boric acid I even have where pears and
1 you we are two years old and the other has not yet blossomed
I brought boric acid went pear all
it scorched and my pears grew I was
but they were pretty people in general all
treat all currant bushes
raspberries are not lazy everyone handles
directs high capacity right and walks a
handle weigh